# **Hand Cricket Game**
This is a simple hand cricket game created using Python programming language. The game allows you to play against the computer in a fun and interactive way.
# Installation
To play the game, you need to have Python installed on your computer. You can download Python from the official website: 

    https://www.python.org/downloads/

Once you have Python installed, you can clone the repository to a folder on your computer.

    https://github.com/rohit-s-s/Hand-Cricket-Game.git

# How to Play
To start the game, navigate to the folder where the files are located and run the hand_cricket_game.py file using Python. You can do this by opening the terminal or command prompt and typing the following command:


    python hand_cricket_game.py
Once you run the game, you will be prompted to enter 1 if you want to start the game and 0 to end the game.

If you enter the number 1, you will be prompted to choose either batting or bowling after the toss. If you choose batting, you will be asked to enter a number between 1 and 6. If the number you enter matches the number generated by the computer, you will be out. If the numbers don't match, the runs scored will be added to your scorecard.

If you choose bowling, the computer will randomly generate a number between 1 and 6. You will need to enter a number between 1 and 6 to bowl. If the numbers match, the computer will be out. If the numbers don't match, the runs scored by the computer will be added to its scorecard.

The game will continue until the batsman is out. At the end of the game, the total score of both teams will be displayed, and the team with the highest score will be declared the winner.


# Contributing
If you want to contribute to the game, you can create a pull request or fork the repository and make your changes. You can also create an issue if you find any bugs or have any suggestions for improvement.